feat(metrics): report configuration push size for DB-less mode (#6664)
Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller: CHANGELOG.md

  when `Ingress` without annotation and a different `Ingress` with annotation
  pointed to the same `Service`.
  [#6626](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/pull/6626)
- Fix panic in `KongUpstreamPolicyReconciler` when using with Ingress having a nil HTTP rule.
  [#6651](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/pull/6651)

### Added

- Added Prometheus metrics `ingress_controller_configuration_push_size`
  and `ingress_controller_fallback_configuration_push_size` to record size of

>   the config send to Kong DataPlane by the controller in DB-less mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the config sent to a Kong DataPlane by the controller in DB-less mode.
```
